We now have all the elements we need, both metamodel and technical,
to read the content of a person bean and to write that content to a storage.
So let us see how we can do that.
What we are going to do is the following.
We are going to create an interface called EntityManager,
and this EntityManager will have a parameter of type T,
and we'll have two methods,
the first one to write an object to a persistent storage,
think of a database,
and another one to get that object given its primaryKey and its Class.
If you have some knowledge of the Hibernate or JPA frameworks,
you will recognize the EntityManager object from those
frameworks in a very simplified form, of course.
So given an instance of any object of type T,
first,
we are going to be able to read the fields of T because we can
get a reference on the class of T at runtime.
Then we can check for the annotations on the subject,
find the primary key,
and then find the fields we want to read and write from the persistent storage.
The Reflection API will do the rest, read the content of T,
get the place in the storage we want to save this instance of T,
and be able to read the object back from that persistent
storage to the memory of our application.
Let us quickly see how we can proceed.
This is the main pattern.
We have the Class of this t object that we can get using the t.getClass.
We get all the fields from that t object,
and we are going to loop through all those fields.
If a field is a PrimaryKey, then we are going to process it as such.
And if this field has just the Column annotation,
then we are going to process it as a regular persistent field. So this is the basic pattern that we are going to implement.